
Drink if you've laughed so hard you spit out your drink
Take a drink
Give a drink
Americans drink
South Americans drink
Europeans Drink
Take 1, Give 1
Girls drink
Guys drink
Everyone drink!
Drink if you have animal ears
NSFW Avis drink
Aussies Drink
Quest users drink
Drink if you like someone in the room
If you have a vowel in your name drink
Weebs drink
Drink if you speak Spanish
Drink if you speak more than one language
Drink for every erp avatar you own
If you have a misfits logo drink!
Subs drink
Doms drink
Switches drinks
Drink if you've done BDSM
Furrys drink
Drink if you have orange on you
Drink if you have red  on you
Drink if you have green  on you
Drink if you are wearing mostly black
Eboys drink
Femboys drink
Egirls Drink
Guys drink 2
If you're in a relationship drink 2
Drink if your single
Trusted users drink
Known Users drink
Drink 1 for every private avatar you have
Longest username drinks
Brats drink
Drink if you're crossed
Drink if you only speak one language
Give 2 drinks
Drink if you're younger than 25
Drink if you're using a private avatar
Drink if you're using a public avatar
Drink twice
Drink if you have fallen in vr
Drink 3 if you've danced for a VRC Club
Drink if you've ever owned a harem
Drink 2 if you live by yourself
Drink 2 if you have not drunk from the past 3 questions
Drink for every lovense toy you own
If you are a danger to yourself drink
Drink if you own an off-road vehicle
Drink if you know the world creator
Drink if you've been pegged
If you've been to 2 or more countries, drink.
Drink (or toke) if you smoke weed
If you're not straight, drink.
Drink if you're not an alcoholic
Drink if you like legos
Nerds drink
Drink if you play a sport
Drink if you've broken a bone, weakling
If you've been arrested, drink
Drink if you've ERPd in the last 3 days
Everyone picks your discord status
Everyone picks your new VRC status
Twerk for 20sec
Take off an article of clothing
Post a screenshot of your browser history to your most active discord
Drink for every world you've uploaded
Double down: Take a drink for every drink you've had in the last 5 min
Take a drink if you haven't been in a public instance this week.
Sit on your floor till your next turn
Switch your status to blue until your next turn
Change your status to "If you say meow I take a shot"
Drink if you're down bad
Group chooses your new discord nickname
Do squats! And give a drink for every 5 you do
Change your status to "Power Bottom"
Give a drink if you've read a book in the last month
Give a drink if you are a ginger
Give a drink if you have a beard
Give a drink if you've ridden a motorbike
Give a drink if you've cut down a tree
Give a drink if you know how to stitch
Canadians drink
If you're from the southern hemiphere drink
If you're from the northern hemisphere drink
Si hables Español te toca tomar
Set your status to "Submissive and breedable"
Wenn Sie Deutsch sprechen, trinken Sie
Drink if you have work tomorrow morning
Go sit in a corner for a turn
Give a drink if you've ever 'faked it'
Drink if you can play an instrument
Drink if you live in New Zealand
Drink if you've worn a plug while in vrc
Drink if you've given a stranger access to your lovense device
Drink if you have an animal in the same room
Drink if you're lonely
Give a drink if you've cooked a roast
Change your status to "Submissive and breedable"
Drink if you've spent over 250$ total on vrchat (avatars/assets/trackers etc.)
Drink if you have never shot a firearm
Order nuggies or drink 5
Drink if you've adopted a kid in VRC
Drink 1 for every empty can/bottle on your desk
Drink if you love BEANS
Be a mute until your next turn
Drink if you love cats
Drink if you're LGBTQ
Drink if you're straight
Zoomers drink
Drink if you own a pair of thigh highs
Millennials drink
Drink 5 if u ever used myspace
Give a drink if your 30+
Drink if you've erped with someone in the room
Drink for every fbt user that is in the room
If you're a DJ; Give 5
If your birthday is this month, take and give 5 drinks
Drink for every hookup you've had in the past 6 months
Drink if your phone runs android
Drink for every flag you own
Drink if you've said "Good Girl" today, Give a drink if it was said to you.
Drink for every game console you own
Drink if you haven't kissed the homies goodnight
Drink for every anime that you've watched in the past month
Drink for every vehicle you own
Give a drink for each simp you currently have
Drink for every raid shadow legends ad you've seen in the past 48hrs
Drink if you'd sleep with your own clone
Drink for every item that you ordered on a shopping site in the past month
Drink if you've made bread
Give a drink if you've made alcohol
Spinner says their favorite band; Everyone that has heard of them drink
Drink if your name is Jay
Drink if you've tried moonshine
Drink if you've caught a fish before
Give a drink if you've fired a gun
Drink for every un-uploaded unity project you have
Drink for every VRC commission you've done
Drink if your Avi gender does not match yours
Drink if you've played VR naked
Drink 2 if you're currently naked
Drink if you own a record / player
Drink if you've played Final Fantasy
Drink if you read BL
Drink for every year you've played VRChat
Drink if you've ever danced for a VR club
Drink if you're horny
Drink if you've ever used the word Bussy
Drink for every person you've ERP'd within this room
Drink if your parents are still married
Give a drink for every sibling you have
Drink and spin again
Give 5 and spin again
Drink if you've ever shaved your body hair
Drink if you've ridden a motorcycle
Drink if you have a tattoo
drink if you've clogged somebody else’s toilet
Give a drink if you've ever saved someone's life
Give three drinks if you've had an IRL threesome
Drink if you've fallen asleep during sex
Drink if you've tried psychedelics
Give 2 drinks if you've been stood up on a date
Give 5 drinks
Give 10 drinks
Spinner drinks 1
Spinner drinks 2
Spinner drinks 3
Spinner drinks 4
Spinner drinks 5
Drink if you've skinny dipped
Drink if you've gotten a speeding ticket
Give 1 if you've given a lap dance
Drink if you've kissed more than one person in 24 hours
Drink if you've given someone a fake phone number
Drink if you've had a relationship that lasted less than a week
Drink if you've had a relationship that lasted more than a year
Drink if you've laughed so hard I spit out my drink
Drink 1 for every country you've been to
Drink one for every light on your current avatar
Drink if you have a job
Drink if you're unemployed
Drink if you're self-employed
Drink if you wear prescription glasses
Drink if you've ever changed your vrc user name
Drink if you have a cat!
Drink 2 if you have a dog
Give a drink if you've used the same main avatar for over 3 months
Give a drink if you've butchered your own meat to eat
Drink 3 if you have an exotic pet
Drink if your avatar has a holiday/event based theme
Cuddle with the player to your right (or left, whatever) until your next turn
Drink if you have maple syrup at home
Drink if you like candy corn
Drink if you believe in ghosts
Drink if you've been lost in a corn maze
Drink if you like pumpkin spice flavor
Drink if you think turkey is overrated
Drink if you don't like bacon
Give 5 Drinks
DM the last 5 people you’ve messaged “Daddy”
DM "I'm so horny" to the last person that you've messaged
Take one drink for every Christmas you've spent without your family
Drink for every time you switched avatars in the last hour
Drink 1 for every person in the room you'd lewd
Drink if your crush/person you like is playing too
Drink if you like pineapple on pizza
Drink if you do not like ice in your soda
If you're drinking rum, drink
If you're drinking whiskey, drink
If you're drinking vodka, drink
If you're drinking beer, drink
Good Boys Drink
Good Girls Drink
Drink if you're under 5"8
drink if you have back problems
Drink if you've been into horny jail today
Take one drink per person in the room that's high
Drink 1 per pet you own
Drink if you've posted to TikTok
Give a drink if you've played D&D
Drink two if your drinking spirits straight from the bottle
Give a drink if you've ever baked a cake
Give two if you've ever brewd your own alcohol
Put your lovense username in your status or take 20
Drink 1 per social platform account you have.(Facebook, TikTok, Twitter... ECT)
Drink if you have cried this week
Drink if you've ever commissioned art 
Drink if you've ever bought a record
Drink 1 for every time this week you've cried
Drink if you've ever gone surfing.
You may only bark to talk until your next turn
You may only meow to talk until your next turn
Drink if you haven't watched Game of Thrones
Drink if you know how to program
Drink if you've ever gone surfing
Drink if you speak french
Name a song or artist. Anyone who's heard of it drinks.
Drink if you've had pizza this week 
Drink 1 per year you've played VRC
Drink if you've eaten crawfish 
Drink if you've eaten alligator
Drink if you've eaten squirrel
Drink if you've eaten frog
Drink if you've eaten eel
Drink if you've eaten mountain oyster
Drink if you’ve fought someone and won
Drink if you own a drink shaker
Give a drink if you can cook rice
Drink for every person you have ERPed with in the room
Drink if you are currently smoking some giggle bush
Drink one for each illicit substance you've used
Give a drink if you've played every halo
Puppys drink (from a bowl)
Complement one random person (not the normal people you hang out with) at the table then take a shot
Drink for every anime you’ve finished this month 
Take a drink for each person in this room who’s seen your nudes
Drink for every anime figurine you own.
Drink for every vr pet you have
Drink if you have no gag reflex
Swallow one if you swallow, Give one if you spit
Give a drink if you have no gag reflex, because we know you can take it.
Drink if you watched anime today. Weeb.
Give a drink if you've swum in the sea.
Give drinks equal to the number of “Friends” you have on the Lovense app.
Last person to UwU out loud drinks 2.
Hands up! Last person drinks. (Deskies jump) 
If you have more than 50 avatars uploaded, take 5
Next person to say someone's username drinks
Take a drink if you've 'finished' in 24 hours
Drink for each time you went out partying this month
Take a drink if you have ever worn two socks of different colors 
Everyone who drinks beer, drink 3
Blondes drink 3 drinks
Non-US drink 2 drinks
Shortest username drinks
If you have a steering wheel to play cars at home, drink 2
Drink two if you work more than 10 hours a day
Drink 2 if your drinking a cocktail
Redheads drink 5
Drink if your room doesnt have carpet
Drink 2 if you play an instrument
If you drink more than twice a week drink 3
If you wear precription glasses drink 2
Drink if you have an RGB keyboard
Drink if you have 2 or more pets
Drink water if you've finished two bottles already
If you've visited horny jail today, drink 2
If you have your own buisness drink
Drink 3 if you have kids, you need it
FBT users drink 2
Deskies drink 3
Shortest username drinks
If you can't legally drive drink 1, if that hasn't stoped you before drink 3
Drink if you have a master's degree
Drink if you've ever sent nudes to the wrong person, drink 2 if they're here.
Drink if you ever sent nudes to someone and FORGOT ABOUT IT the next day (Surprise Sober You!!!)
Drink if you have buinny ears!
Give a drink if you've had a pet frog
Give a drink if you've had a pet bird
Give a drink if you've had pet fish
Give a drink if you've wrote a software program
Drink if you've been to dunkin doughnuts
Drink if you've been to Tim Hortans
Drink if you've tried Irn-Bru
Drink if you have a crunchyroll subscription
Give a drink if you have a cat
Give a drink if you have a dog
Give a drink if you have watch anime today
Drink if you've never tried sushi
Drink if you've played runescape
Drink if youre > 24
Drink if you're in the Tavern Group
Drink if you're in the Yitties Group
Drink 5 if your avatar has a sword
Drink if your username is an animal
Drink if your username is a fruit
Enbys drink
Drink if you've played in an Esports tournament
Give a drink if you can't swim
Drink if you've driven or sailed a boat, yar!
Drink if you've been on a cruise
Drink if you live in the UK
Drink if you've ever died to a boss in under a minute.
Take a drink if you summoned someone with the wrong ashes.
Drink if you've used a potion at the worst possible time.
Take a drink if you've accidentally fallen off a cliff.
Drink if you've invaded someone else's world.
Take a drink if you've been invaded and survived.
Drink if you've looted a chest only to find nothing.
Take a drink if you've cursed yourself by reading too many spell descriptions.
Drink if you've played hide-and-seek with a mimic.
Take a drink if you've farmed runes for hours without noticing.
Drink if you've danced at a summoning circle.
Take a drink if you've accidentally attacked a friendly NPC.
Drink if you've tried every possible weapon type.
Take a drink if you love being a stealthy assassin build.
Drink if you've roleplayed a flamboyant knight.
Take a drink if you've roleplayed a sly sorcerer.
Drink if you've glitched through a wall just to explore.
Take a drink if you've memed with a boss summon.
Drink if you've traded ashes with a friend for fun.
Take a drink if you've fallen for a trap in a dungeon.
Drink if you've experimented with cursed weapons.
Take a drink if you've fought naked for style points.
Drink if you've embarrassed yourself in multiplayer PvP.
Take a drink if you've embarrassed a friend in multiplayer PvP.
Drink if you've accidentally triggered a cutscene mid-fight.
Take a drink if you've explored a secret cave just to find nothing.
Drink if you've mimicked a boss attack in real life.
Take a drink if you've shouted Elden Ring quotes at your screen.
Drink if you've roleplayed a mischievous thief in-game.
Take a drink if you've roleplayed a benevolent healer in-game.
Drink if you've spent hours farming crafting materials.
Take a drink if you've gotten lost in the Lands Between.
Drink if you've screamed at a tree or rock because of a boss.
Take a drink if you've laughed at your own deaths too hard.
Drink if you've accidentally fell into water and drowned.
Take a drink if you've triggered a weather event on purpose.
Drink if you've seductively waved at a red phantom.
Take a drink if you've been seductively waved at by a red phantom.
Drink if you've roleplayed flirting with an NPC.
Take a drink if you've imagined your character on a date in the Lands Between.
Drink if you've hoarded all the best gear for yourself.
Take a drink if you've generously shared your loot with friends.
Drink if you've challenged a friend to a duel and lost.
Take a drink if you've won a duel with only 1 HP left.
Drink if you've roleplayed a cursed, brooding character.
Take a drink if you've roleplayed a cheerful, chaotic character.
Drink if you've triggered a secret boss on purpose.
Take a drink if you've accidentally triggered a secret boss.
Drink if you've tried to romance an NPC in the strangest way.
Take a drink if you've laughed at Elden Ring memes for hours.
Drink if you’ve been one-shot by Malenia.
Take a drink if you’ve rage quit after a boss.
Drink if you’ve fought Radahn and died to gravity.
Take a drink if you’ve cheesed a boss with poison.
Drink if you’ve run out of flasks mid-fight.
Take a drink if you’ve summoned help for Margit.
Drink if you’ve been hit by a rolling boulder trap.
Take a drink if you’ve killed yourself with your own spell.
Drink if you’ve been destroyed by a dog enemy.
Take a drink if you’ve died to birds with knives.
Drink if you’ve panic rolled into your own death.
Take a drink if you’ve hit a wall 50 times for a hidden path.
Drink if you’ve farmed the Albinaurics for runes.
Take a drink if you’ve died in Caelid swamp.
Drink if you’ve been cursed by basilisks.
Take a drink if you’ve fought naked with only a club.
Drink if you’ve parried a boss perfectly.
Take a drink if you’ve failed a parry and died.
Drink if you’ve used the horse in a boss fight.
Take a drink if you’ve died instantly after mounting Torrent.
Drink if you’ve jumped into lava for loot.
Take a drink if you’ve been scarlet rotted to death.
Drink if you’ve chugged all your flasks in panic.
Take a drink if you’ve been stomped by a giant.
Drink if you’ve died to fall damage you swore you could survive.
Take a drink if you’ve cheesed a boss from afar.
Drink if you’ve equipped fashion over stats.
Take a drink if you’ve been too heavy to roll.
Drink if you’ve fat rolled into doom.
Take a drink if you’ve beaten a boss without taking damage.
Drink if you’ve died to a random soldier after beating a boss.
Take a drink if you’ve punched an enemy to death.
Drink if you’ve gotten lost in Nokron.
Take a drink if you’ve been crushed by a falling statue.
Drink if you’ve kissed the ground after Site of Grace.
Take a drink if you’ve ignored questlines completely.
Drink if you’ve made Ranni your waifu.
Take a drink if you’ve simp’d for Malenia.
Drink if you’ve called Blaidd your boyfriend.
Take a drink if you’ve thirsted for Alexander the jar.
Drink if you’ve wanted to cuddle Fia.
Take a drink if you’ve gotten hugs from Fia.
Drink if you’ve felt guilty killing NPCs.
Take a drink if you’ve slaughtered merchants anyway.
Drink if you’ve tested every gesture in boss fights.
Take a drink if you’ve roleplayed as Patches.
Drink if you’ve fallen for a Patches trap.
Take a drink if you’ve forgiven Patches for betrayal.
Drink if you’ve killed Patches instantly.
Take a drink if you’ve spared Patches every time.
Drink if you’ve worn nothing but rags for fashion.
Take a drink if you’ve worn boss armor for the drip.
Drink if you’ve cosplayed as a boss with armor.
Take a drink if you’ve roleplayed as a Tarnished king.
Drink if you’ve bowed before killing someone in PvP.
Take a drink if you’ve spawn camped in PvP.
Drink if you’ve been ganked by a group.
Take a drink if you’ve ganked someone with friends.
Drink if you’ve emoted on a dead body.
Take a drink if you’ve teabagged in Elden Ring.
Drink if you’ve used the rivers of blood katana.
Take a drink if you’ve hated someone using bleed builds.
Drink if you’ve spammed Moonveil.
Take a drink if you’ve been obliterated by Comet Azur.
Drink if you’ve nuked someone with Comet Azur.
Take a drink if you’ve fought in the Colosseum.
Drink if you’ve trolled someone in co-op.
Take a drink if you’ve disconnected mid fight.
Drink if you’ve lost a duel in style.
Take a drink if you’ve won a duel in underwear.
Drink if you’ve gone AFK in a dungeon.
Take a drink if you’ve died AFK.
Drink if you’ve gotten drunk in the Roundtable Hold.
Take a drink if you’ve rolled off the Roundtable balcony.
Drink if you’ve danced on the Roundtable table.
Take a drink if you’ve wanted to smash Gideon’s face.
Drink if you’ve loved Sir Gideon Ofnir.
Take a drink if you’ve hated Sir Gideon Ofnir.
Drink if you’ve wished Melina was romanceable.
Take a drink if you’ve cried at Melina’s cutscene.
Drink if you’ve sacrificed yourself for Ranni’s ending.
Take a drink if you’ve chosen the Frenzied Flame.
Drink if you’ve regretted the Frenzied Flame ending.
Drink if you’ve burned the Erdtree.
Take a drink if you’ve farmed smithing stones endlessly.
Drink if you’ve refused to respec with Rennala.
Take a drink if you’ve respec’d 20 times.
Drink if you’ve used poison mist for cheese.
Take a drink if you’ve died to your own scarlet rot.
Drink if you’ve sprinted naked past a dungeon.
Take a drink if you’ve made a cursed ugly character.
Drink if you’ve made a hot husbando Tarnished.
Take a drink if you’ve recreated an anime character.
Drink if you’ve played as Shrek.
Take a drink if you’ve seen too many Shrek builds online.
Drink if you’ve died to tree sentinels 20 times.
Take a drink if you’ve finally beaten the tree sentinel.
Drink if you’ve left a funny message for others.
Take a drink if you’ve been baited by “Try finger but hole.”
Drink if you’ve left “hidden path ahead” where there wasn’t one.
Take a drink if you’ve upvoted a troll message.
Drink if you’ve downvoted a troll message.
Drink if you’ve praised the sun in Elden Ring.
Take a drink if you’ve roleplayed as Solaire.
Drink if you’ve cosplayed as Artorias.
Take a drink if you’ve thirsted for Radahn.
Drink if you’ve died to Radahn’s meteor.
Drink if you’ve avoided Radahn festival completely.
Drink if you’ve summoned everyone at Radahn festival.
Take a drink if you’ve killed Radahn with arrows only.
Drink if you’ve used Torrent in PvP.
Take a drink if you’ve fallen off Torrent in PvP.
Drink if you’ve spammed dodge rolls in panic.
Take a drink if you’ve spammed spells without FP.
Drink if you’ve attacked with empty stamina bar.
Take a drink if you’ve fought naked against Malenia.
Drink if you’ve kissed your screen after beating Malenia.
Drink if you’ve sworn eternal vengeance on Malenia.
Take a drink if you’ve parried Malenia successfully.
Drink if you’ve no-hit Malenia.
Drink if you’ve died instantly to Waterfowl Dance.
Take a drink if you’ve rage screamed at Waterfowl Dance.
Drink if you’ve loved Malenia despite her attacks.
Take a drink if you’ve hated Malenia forever.
Drink if you’ve let Varre call you maidenless.
Take a drink if you’ve joined Varre’s blood cult.
Drink if you’ve killed Varre instantly.
Take a drink if you’ve danced after killing Mohg.
Drink if you’ve died to Mohg’s blood flame curse.
Take a drink if you’ve loved Mohg’s design.
Drink if you’ve died in Leyndell ten times.
Take a drink if you’ve gotten lost in the sewers.
Drink if you’ve drowned in Moghwyn Palace blood swamp.
Take a drink if you’ve kissed your screen seeing Blaidd.
Drink if you’ve cried when Blaidd went mad.
Take a drink if you’ve thirsted for Blaidd’s wolf head.
Drink if you’ve wanted Blaidd as your husbando.
Drink if you’ve joked about hugging Alexander jar.
Take a drink if you’ve cried when Alexander died.
Drink if you’ve smashed Alexander accidentally.
Take a drink if you’ve kissed Alexander’s cracked pot.
Drink if you’ve laughed at Jarburg.
Take a drink if you’ve protected Jarburg kids.
Drink if you’ve fought in Jarburg as a joke.
Drink if you’ve roleplayed as a jar.
Take a drink if you’ve danced with skeletons.
Drink if you’ve screamed at giant crabs.
Take a drink if you’ve screamed at giant lobsters.
Drink if you’ve run from rune bears.
Take a drink if you’ve tried to pet a dog.
Drink if you’ve screamed “DOG” at turtles.
Drink if you’ve praised the turtle pope.
Take a drink if you’ve killed the turtle pope.
Drink if you’ve confessed to the turtle pope.
Take a drink if you’ve loved turtle pope too much.
Drink if you’ve worn the giant mushroom hat.
Take a drink if you’ve become a mushroom build.
Drink if you’ve killed enemies with poison spores.
Take a drink if you’ve cursed your friends with scarlet rot.
Drink if you’ve spammed dung eater quotes.
Take a drink if you’ve roleplayed as Dung Eater.
Drink if you’ve thirsted for Ranni’s four arms.
Take a drink if you’ve wanted to marry Ranni.
Drink if you’ve chosen Ranni’s ending.
Take a drink if you’ve rejected Ranni’s ending.
Drink if you’ve hugged Ranni plushies in real life.
Take a drink if you’ve roleplayed as Ranni in cosplay.
Drink if you’ve thirsted for Rennala.
Take a drink if you’ve died to Rennala phase 2.
Drink if you’ve loved Rennala’s moon magic.
Take a drink if you’ve roleplayed as a glintstone mage.
Drink if you’ve joined Raya Lucaria scholars.
Take a drink if you’ve drowned in Liurnia lakes.
Drink if you’ve been lost in Carian manor.
Take a drink if you’ve screamed at ghost knights.
Drink if you’ve been ambushed by hands in Caria.
Drink if you’ve hated those spider hands forever.
Take a drink if you’ve memed about Elden Beast.
Drink if you’ve died to Elden Beast laser.
Drink if you’ve screamed at Elden Beast swimming away.
Take a drink if you’ve won against Elden Beast naked.
Drink if you’ve ended the game by accident.
Take a drink if you’ve replayed instantly after credits.
Drink if you’ve sworn loyalty to the Frenzied Flame.
Take a drink if you’ve regretted Frenzied Flame instantly.
Drink if you’ve kissed Hyetta in the dark.
Take a drink if you’ve burned your eyes for Frenzied Flame.
Drink if you’ve wanted to romance Hyetta.
Take a drink if you’ve been crushed by Fallingstar Beast.
Drink if you’ve screamed at Astel’s laser.
Drink if you’ve loved Astel’s design.
Take a drink if you’ve hated Astel’s tail swipe.
Drink if you’ve joked about Astel’s face.
Take a drink if you’ve roleplayed as Astel.
Drink if you’ve spammed dragon breath spells.
Take a drink if you’ve turned into a dragon cultist.
Drink if you’ve farmed dragon hearts endlessly.
Take a drink if you’ve thirsted for Placidusax.
Drink if you’ve lost to Placidusax instantly.
Drink if you’ve cheesed Placidusax.
Drink if you’ve fought Malekith and died in 5 seconds.
Take a drink if you’ve screamed at Malekith’s speed.
Drink if you’ve cried at Maliketh’s cutscene.
Take a drink if you’ve thirsted for Maliketh’s armor.
Drink if you’ve roleplayed as Maliketh.
Take a drink if you’ve memed with Goldmask.
Drink if you’ve copied Goldmask standing still.
Drink if you’ve thirsted for Godrick’s arms.
Drink if you’ve died to Godrick’s grafted storm.
Drink if you’ve laughed at Godrick’s voice.
Drink if you’ve imitated Godrick’s laugh.
Take a drink if you’ve roleplayed as Godrick with arms.
Drink if you’ve kissed your runes goodbye.
Take a drink if you’ve dropped 200k runes by accident.
Drink if you’ve quit the game from rage.
Take a drink if you’ve restarted sober the next day.
Drink if you’ve ever thought “Try finger, but hole.” was funny.
Take a drink if you’ve used the “Prattling Pate: You’re Beautiful” on someone cute.
Drink if you’ve wanted to “hug” Fia a little too long.
Take a drink if you’ve imagined what Melina’s hand really feels like.
Drink if you’ve called Ranni your goth girlfriend.
Take a drink if you’ve thought about Blaidd in a different way.
Drink if you’ve secretly thirsted for Malenia mid-battle.
Take a drink if you’ve looked up Elden Ring character fan art after dark.
Drink if you’ve whispered “maidenless” to flirt in VRChat.
Take a drink if you’ve roleplayed an “embrace” in Roundtable Hold.
Drink if you’ve joked about using the Finger Maiden’s finger… that way.
Take a drink if you’ve invited someone to “enter your summoning sign.”
Drink if you’ve thought the Dung Eater’s name sounded like a kink.
Take a drink if you’ve moaned while using Waterfowl Dance.
Drink if you’ve flirted in VRChat as an Elden Ring character.
Take a drink if you’ve said “touch grace” but meant something else.
Drink if you’ve ever wanted Torrent to have a saddle for two.
Take a drink if you’ve offered to “share your flask” in a spicy way.
Drink if you’ve described your Tarnished build as long and hard.
Take a drink if you’ve told someone to “show me your talisman slot.”
Drink if you’ve ever said “maidenless” in bed.
Take a drink if you’ve wanted to use Spirit Ashes for… company.
Drink if you’ve called Blaidd “daddy wolf” even once.
Take a drink if you’ve said “grafted” but meant something dirty.
Drink if you’ve ever called your flask a “special juice.”
Take a drink if you’ve imagined Ranni’s four arms doing… things.
Drink if you’ve wondered what Fia’s real embrace feels like.
Take a drink if you’ve wanted to spank Malenia for Waterfowl Dance.
Drink if you’ve thought about “polishing your weapon” literally.
Take a drink if you’ve used a gesture as a pickup line.
Drink if you’ve described your stamina bar in a lewd way.
Take a drink if you’ve said “I’ll show you my runes” to flirt.
Drink if you’ve roleplayed mounting Torrent in a questionable way.
Take a drink if you’ve compared bleed build to real life.
Drink if you’ve said “two-handing it” and laughed.
Take a drink if you’ve teased someone with “finger maiden.”
Drink if you’ve whispered “Let me touch your grace” to a friend.
Take a drink if you’ve thirsted for an Elden Ring boss.
Drink if you’ve moaned while getting killed in PvP.
Take a drink if you’ve said “I’ll respec you” in VRChat.
Drink if you’ve thought about Elden Beast’s sword in that way.
Take a drink if you’ve said “show me your talisman slots” IRL.
Drink if you’ve joked about putting ashes in someone’s co-op slot.
Take a drink if you’ve fantasized about the Frenzied Flame in bed.
Drink if you’ve ever called yourself “Lord of Kink.”
Drink if you rolled too early and still got hit.
Drink if you died to fall damage.
Drink if you got one-shot by a grab attack.
Drink if you swung at a wall and missed the enemy.
Drink if you forgot to summon your Spirit Ashes.
Drink if you healed and still got punished.
Drink if you tried to parry and completely failed.
Drink if you missed a backstab opportunity.
Drink if you got killed by dogs.
Drink if you fat-rolled into your own death.
Drink if you forgot to two-hand your weapon.
Drink if you got invaded and instantly died.
Drink if you killed yourself with your own explosion spell.
Drink if you rested at a Grace and forgot to level up.
Drink if you sprinted past enemies and still got hit.
Drink if you jumped when you should’ve rolled.
Drink if you got chain-grabbed by an enemy.
Drink if you healed but fell off the ledge anyway.
Drink if you locked on to the wrong target.
Drink if you died to poison because you didn’t bring boluses.
Drink if you ran out of Crimson Flasks mid-fight.
Drink if you summoned an NPC and they died instantly.
Drink if you fought the wrong boss by accident.
Drink if you missed a fog wall and ran off a cliff.
Drink if you got guard-broken by a little skeleton.
Drink if you thought it was the final phase, but it wasn’t.
Drink if you celebrated too early and died to the deathblow.
Drink if you triggered a second boss at the same time.
Drink if you dodged into the AoE instead of out.
Drink if you ran into a mimic tear with no flasks left.
Drink if you died to a chest mimic.
Drink if you ignored the tutorial message and died.
Drink if you spammed roll and still got hit.
Drink if you forgot to equip your talisman.
Drink if you attacked an NPC by mistake.
Drink if you rested and forgot to equip new spells.
Drink if you died to your own horse fall.
Drink if you forgot to upgrade your weapon.
Drink if you got stuck in a corner with no stamina.
Drink if you killed yourself with fall damage trying to skip.
Drink if you ignored the enemy’s second phase.
Drink if you forgot to refill your flask charges at a Grace.
Drink if you healed instead of attacking and missed the kill.
Drink if you dodged in the wrong direction.
Drink if you got stun-locked by rats.
Drink if you died with 100k runes.
Drink if you lost those runes again trying to recover them.
Drink if you got ambushed by a statue enemy.
Drink if you ignored the bloodstains and regretted it.
Drink if you got rolled on by a giant.
Drink if you failed to read “Try jumping” and missed loot.
Drink if you ignored the fog wall and got invaded.
Drink if you got stun-locked by Malenia’s Waterfowl Dance.
Drink if you let Patches trick you—again.
Drink if you bowed before invading and still got backstabbed.
Drink if you rolled straight into Radahn’s arrows.
Drink if you touched Grace but forgot to pass time.
Drink if you got flattened by a rolling jar.
